word=happy polarity=positive
word=joyful polarity=positive
word=excited polarity=positive
word=awesome polarity=positive
word=delighted polarity=positive
word=thrilled polarity=positive
word=fantastic polarity=positive
word=amazing polarity=positive
word=great polarity=positive
word=excellent polarity=positive
word=sad polarity=negative
word=bad polarity=negative
word=terrible polarity=negative
word=dreadful polarity=negative
word=awful polarity=negative
word=frustrated polarity=negative
word=disappointed polarity=negative
word=angry polarity=negative
word=worst polarity=negative
word=displeased polarity=negative
word=unhappy polarity=negative
